---
title: 037 It Hurts To Not be Trusted
---

When you're a trustworthy man \
With a trustworthy heart \
But they don't understand \
And they doubt that you are 

Well it hurts \
Oh, it hurts \
It hurts to not be trusted \
And it hurts to feel accused \
It hurts to see the ones you love \
Lose their faith in you

Well He's a trustworthy man \
With a trustworthy heart \
But we don't understand \
And our trust falls apart 

Well it hurts \
Oh it hurts \
Cuz it hurts to not be trusted \
And it hurts to feel accused \
It hurts to see the ones you love \
Lose their faith in you 

And it hurts to see them suffer \
As they seek another source \
Running in to self destruction \
Cuz the self is trusted more \
Oh it hurts to see them hurting \
When if only they would trust \
They would find a place of refuge \
In your overwhelming love

We'd find a place of refuge \
In Your overwhelming love

<br /> 

### Supporting Texts ###

"When the Lord heard them, he was furious; \
his fire broke out against Jacob, \
and his wrath rose against Israel, \
for they did not believe in God \
or trust in his deliverance." \
Psalm 78:21-22 NIV

"For there is one God, and one mediator also between God and men, the man Christ Jesus," \
1 Timothy 2:5 NASB95

The third time he said to him, “Simon son of John, do you love me?” Peter was hurt because Jesus asked him the third time, “Do you love me?” He said, “Lord, you know all things; you know that I love you.” Jesus said, “Feed my sheep. \
John 21:17 NIV

"Trust in the LORD forever, For in GOD the LORD, we have an everlasting Rock." \
Isaiah 26:4 NASB95

It is better to take refuge in the LORD \
Than to trust in man. \
It is better to take refuge in the LORD \
Than to trust in princes. \
Psalm 118:8-9 NASB95

On God my salvation and my glory rest; \
The rock of my strength, my refuge is in God. \
Trust in Him at all times, O people; \
Pour out your heart before Him; \
God is a refuge for us. \
Selah. \
Psalm 62:7-8 NASB95

“The Rock, his work is perfect, for all his ways are justice. A God of faithfulness and without iniquity, just and upright is he. \
Deuteronomy 32:4 ESV

for my people have committed two evils: they have forsaken me, the fountain of living waters, and hewed out cisterns for themselves, broken cisterns that can hold no water. \
Jeremiah 2:13 ESV

And when he drew near and saw the city, he wept over it, 42saying, “Would that you, even you, had known on this day the things that make for peace! But now they are hidden from your eyes.\
Luke 19:41-42 ESV

<br />

### Additional Info

Key: D \
BPM: 115 \
Drafted: March 4-5, 2025 \
Published: 3/5/2025
