---
title: 009 Echoes of the Hymns
---

Our time is but a moment here  \
Our lives are just a breath \
How suddenly we disappear \
When time it is for death \
(alt. When time it is to rest)

But hear the echoes of the hymns \
The songs of the saints of old \
Who learned to put their trust in Him \
Whose promises shall hold

They sang of Jordan's river \
And trusted God alone \
To faithfully deliver \
And safely bring them home

They sang of weeping in the night \
But trusted all along \
That soon He'd bring the morning light \
And joy would fill their songs

They built their very lives on \
The Rock, and not the sand \
(alt. The Rock on which we stand) \
They sang the songs of Zion \
In a foreign land 

They sang of everlasting rest \
And crowns thrown at His feet \
The martyrs of the faith are blest \
The faith that we must keep

Here in the land of evening \
They welcomed dawning grace \
And fixed their hope on seeing \
The light of Jesus' face \
They fixed their hope on seeing \
The light of Jesus' face 

 
<br />

### Supporting Verses ###

“Behold, You have made my days as handbreadths, \
And my lifetime as nothing in Your sight; \
Surely every man at his best is a mere breath. \
Selah. \
Psalm 39:5 (NASB95)


For his anger is but for a moment, and his favor is for a lifetime. \
Weeping may tarry for the night, but joy comes with the morning. \
Psalm 30:5 (ESV)

Beloved, now we are children of God, and it has not appeared as yet what we will be. We know that when He appears, we will be like Him, because we will see Him just as He is. 3And everyone who has this hope fixed on Him purifies himself, just as He is pure. \
1 John 3:2-3 (NASB95)

Matthew 7:24-27

For there our captors demanded of us songs, \
And our tormentors mirth, saying, \
“Sing us one of the songs of Zion.” \
How can we sing the LORD’S song \
In a foreign land? \
Psalm 137:3-4

<br />

### Supporting Hymns ###

#### The Church's One Foundation:
"And soon the night of weeping \
Shall be the morn of song"

#### My Hope Is Built on Nothing Less:
"On Christ the solid rock I stand \
All other ground is sinking sand"

#### Faith of Our Fathers:
"Faith of the martyrs, who though bound, \
were still in heart and conscience true. \
How blest would be their children's fate, \
if they, like them, should live for You! \
Faith of the martyrs, holy faith, \
We will be true to Thee till death."

<br />

#### Crossing the Jordan:
He Leadeth Me\
Guide Me, O Thou Great Jehovah\
On Jordan's Stormy Banks

#### Songs of Zion:
I Love Thy Kingdom, Lord\
Glorious Things of Thee Are Spoken

#### Everlasting Rest:
For All the Saints\
Sun of My Soul, Thou Savior Dear\
The Church's One Foundation\
Jesus Shall Reign

#### Casting of Crowns:
All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name\
Holy, Holy, Holy!

#### Dawning Grace:
Abide With Me\
The Sands of Time Are Sinking

#### Seeing His Face:
Come Thou Almighty King\
The Sands of Time Are Sinking\
Jesus, the Very Thought of Thee\
O Word of God Incarnate\
The Church's One Foundation\
Beneath the Cross of Jesus\
Lead on, O King Eternal\
Rock of Ages

<br />

And many more hymns...


<br />


### Additional Info

Key: C \
Meter: C.M. plus a slightly irregular double \
Drafted: Jan. 10, 2025 \
Published: 1/10/2025
