---
title: 050 Comfort Me
---

Comfort me, as I come to You \
Oh, lifter of my head \
Weary, worn, and burdened down \
I come to You for rest 

Lord, be my light, be my salvation! \
Lord, I need to know Your love \
Heal what is sick, bind what is broken \
How I need, I need Your healing touch!

Comfort me, as I come to You \
Oh Lord, You know me best \
In my cares, You care for me \
Give me daily bread

Lord, be my light and be my salvation! \
Lord, I need to know Your love \
Heal what is sick, and bind what is broken \
How I need Your healing touch!

Oh Lord, be my light, be my salvation! \
Lord, I need to know Your love \
Come heal what is sick, bind what is broken \
How we need, we need Your healing touch!


As high as the heavens are over the earth \
So great is His steadfast love to those who fear Him \
As a Father has compassion \
So He has compassion over us \
As far as the east is from the west \
So far has He removed our sins away from us \

He knows our frame \
He knows our frame \
He knows our frame \
(He remembers we are dust) \
He knows our frame \
(He is faithful to deliver us) \
He knows our frame \
(Oh, He knows we're dust) \
He knows our frame \
(He came as one of us)

So Lord, be our light, be our salvation! \
Lord, we need to know Your love \
Come heal what is sick, and bind what is broken \
How we need, we need Your healing touch!

Come heal us Lord! \
Heal every brokenness inside \
With Your resurrection life \
Bind our wounds \
Touch our hearts \
As we lift them up to You

He knows our frame \
(He remembers we are dust) \
He knows our frame \
(Oh, He came as one of us) \
He knows our frame \
(And great is His steadfast love) 

<br /> 

### Supporting Texts ###


Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies and God of all comfort, 4who comforts us in all our affliction, 
so that we may be able to comfort those who are in any affliction, with the comfort with which we ourselves are comforted by God. \
2 Corinthians 1:3-4 ESV

casting all your care upon Him, for He cares for you. \
! Peter 5:7 NKJV

For as high as the heavens are above the earth, \
So great is His lovingkindness toward those who fear Him. \
As far as the east is from the west, \
So far has He removed our transgressions from us. \
Just as a father has compassion on his children, \
So the LORD has compassion on those who fear Him. \
For He Himself knows our frame; \
He is mindful that we are but dust. \
Psalm 103:11-14 NASB95

“He heals the brokenhearted \
And binds up their wounds.” \
Psalm 147:3


### Additional Info

Key: G \
BPM: 124 \
Drafted: Dec. 20, 2024 - March 26, 2025 \
Published: 3/37/2025
