---
title: 032  Dear Eve
---

Dear Eve, I am writing to remind you of the truth \
You need to be careful as you gaze upon the fruit \
That tree is the only one that God's forbidden you \
You're free, you have everything you need \
Better guard your heart from greed

And walk by faith \
No matter what he's saying \
You just walk by faith \
Trusting and obeying \
Each and every day \
Who you gonna love? \
Is the Serpent on your side? \
Or is your Father kind? \
You must decide who to trust

Dear eve, there's an order to creation full of peace \
You'll see, for it's God, and then it's Adam, then it's Eve \
Oh Eve, and below you is the serpent at your feet \
So please, don't you turn it all around \
Throwing God right to the ground

But walk by faith \
No matter what their saying \
You just walk by faith \
Trusting and obeying \
Each and every day \
Who you gonna love? \
Is the Serpent on your side? \
Or is your Father kind? \
You must decide who to trust

It's not about the fruit now is it? \
It's all about relationship \
We put an animal above \
The God who showed us love \
What is wrong, what is wrong with us? 

And Eve when you're deceived \
You don't know you're deceived \
Twisted words inside your mind \
Your own eyes will leave you blind \
So be strong, oh be strong and trust \
Oh be strong, oh be strong and trust 

And walk by faith \
No matter what he's saying \
You just walk by faith \
Trusting and obeying 
Each and every day \
Oh who you gonna love? \
Is the Serpent on your side? \
Or is your Father kind? \
You must decide who to trust


<br /> 

### Supporting Texts ###

Now the serpent was more crafty than any beast of the field which the LORD God had made. And he said to the woman, “Indeed, has God said, ‘You shall not eat from any tree of the garden’?” 
The woman said to the serpent, “From the fruit of the trees of the garden we may eat; 
but from the fruit of the tree which is in the middle of the garden, God has said, ‘You shall not eat from it or touch it, or you will die.’” 
The serpent said to the woman, “You surely will not die! 5“For God knows that in the day you eat from it your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil.” 
When the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that it was a delight to the eyes, and that the tree was desirable to make one wise, she took from its fruit and ate; and she gave also to her husband with her, and he ate. \
Genesis 3:1-6 NASB95

"for we walk by faith, not by sight" \
2 Corinthians 5:7 NASB95

Then He said to them, “Beware, and be on your guard against every form of greed; for not even when one has an abundance does his life consist of his possessions.” \
Luke 12:15 NASB95

For it was Adam who was first created, and then Eve. 
And it was not Adam who was deceived, but the woman being deceived, fell into transgression. \
1 Timothy 2:13-14 NASB95

Little children, guard yourselves from idols. \
1 john 5:21 NASB95

"Because they did not believe in God \
And did not trust in His salvation." \
Psalm 78:22 NASB95


<br />

### Additional Info

Key: F# \
Drafted: Feb. 19-21, 2025 \
Published: 2/21/2025 
