---
title: 036 God Who Feels
---

Ever wonder how He's feeling? \
Ever wonder what He thinks? \
Do you treat Him as a person? \
Or is God more like a thing? 

Saul was cold and tried to reason \
When confronted by his sin \
But David's heart was split wide open \
And lifted as an offering 

He's the One who made us human \
He's the One who wept with tears \
Now we're in a sacred union \
With the living God who feels 

Open up Your heart and love Him \
Let him hear your songs of praise \
Ever mindful of His mercy \
Ever grateful for His grace

<br /> 

### Supporting Texts ###

“But when you present the blind for sacrifice, is it not evil? And when you present the lame and sick, is it not evil? 
Why not offer it to your governor? Would he be pleased with you? Or would he receive you kindly?” says the LORD of hosts. \
Malachi 1:8 NASB95

1 Samuel 13 & 15

“But now your kingdom shall not endure. The LORD has sought out for Himself a man after His own heart, and the LORD has appointed him as ruler over His people, because you have not kept what the LORD commanded you.” \
1 Samuel 13:14 NASB95

2 Samuel 12 & Psalm 51

For You do not delight in sacrifice, otherwise I would give it; \
You are not pleased with burnt offering. \
The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit; \
A broken and a contrite heart, O God, You will not despise. \
Psalm 51:16-17 NASB95

"Jesus wept." \
John 11:35

“O my dove, in the clefts of the rock, \
In the secret place of the steep pathway, \
Let me see your form, \
Let me hear your voice; \
For your voice is sweet, \
And your form is lovely.”\
Song of Solomon 2:14

"But he who unites himself with the Lord is one with Him in spirit." \
1 Corinthians 6:17 BSB

But the LORD is the true God; He is the living God and the everlasting King. At His wrath the earth quakes, And the nations cannot endure His indignation. \
Jeremiah 10:10 NASB95

How can I give you up, O Ephraim? How can I surrender you, O Israel? How can I make you like Admah? How can I treat you like Zeboiim? My heart is turned over within Me, All My compassions are kindled. \
Hosea 11:8 NASB95

And we know that the Son of God has come and has given us understanding, so that we may know Him who is true; and we are in Him who is true—in His Son Jesus Christ. He is the true God and eternal life. \
1 John 5:20 NASB95

We have spoken freely to you, Corinthians, and opened wide our hearts to you.
We are not withholding our affection from you, but you are withholding yours from us.
As a fair exchange — I speak as to my children — open wide your hearts also.\
2 Corinthians 6:11-13 NIV

speaking to one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody with your heart to the Lord; 
always giving thanks for all things in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ to God, even the Father; \
Ephesians 5:19-20


<br />

### Additional Info

Key: G \
BPM: 128 \
Meter: ~ 8.7.8.7 \
Main Riff: Jan 18, 2025 \
Words & Melody: Mar. 3-4, 2025 \
Published: 3/4/2025 
