---
title: 043 What a Friend We Are to Jesus
---

What a friend we are to Jesus \
Never lifting up a care \
We are strong and independent \
Lest we burden Him with prayer \
Oh what peace He must be feeling \
Oh the burdens that we bear \
All because we hardly carry \
Anything to God in prayer

When there's trials and temptations \
When there's trouble anywhere \
First response is self-reliance \
Last resort is always prayer \
Can He find a friend more faithful? \
Polished people are so rare \
We must never show our weakness \
Bring Your very best in prayer

Are we weak and heavy laden? \
Weary with a load of care? \
We should pull ourselves together \
GPT is always there \
When our friends despise, forsake us \
Then we wonder if He cares \
But we hesitate to ask Him \
Lest our friendship be impaired

<br /> 

### Supporting Texts ###


"casting all your care upon Him, for He cares for you."
1 Peter 4:8 NKJV

"pray without ceasing,"
1 Thess. 5:17 NKJV 

Based on the hymn: **What a Friend We Have in Jesus**

What a friend we have in Jesus, \
all our sins and griefs to bear! \
What a privilege to carry \
everything to God in prayer! \
O what peace we often forfeit, \
O what needless pain we bear, \
all because we do not carry \
everything to God in prayer!

Have we trials and temptations? \
Is there trouble anywhere? \
We should never be discouraged; \
take it to the Lord in prayer! \
Can we find a friend so faithful \
who will all our sorrows share? \
Jesus knows our every weakness; \
take it to the Lord in prayer!

Are we weak and heavy laden, \
cumbered with a load of care? \
Precious Savior, still our refuge-- \
take it to the Lord in prayer! \
Do your friends despise, forsake you? \
Take it to the Lord in prayer! \
In his arms he'll take and shield you; \
you will find a solace there.

Joseph Medlicott Scriven (1855)

### Additional Info

Key: D \
BPM: 100 \
Drafted: March 14th, 2025 \
Published: 3/17/2025
