---
title: 054 Inside the Lion's Den
---

When we're in the furnace all together \
When we're in the lion's den alone \
Worshipping the King who lives forever \
Knowing He is seated on the throne 

Oh, I'm alright inside the lion's den \
The Lord is with me, I will rise again \
Though there's fire in the furnace here \
The Lord is with me, I shall not, I shall not fear 

When we're facing trials and temptations \
When they throw us in a prison cell \
We can sing a hymn of exaltation \
Even in our sorrows it is well 

Oh, I'm alright inside the lion's den \
The Lord is with me, I will rise again \
Though there's fire in the furnace here \
The Lord is with me, I shall not, I shall not fear 

Blessed are the ones who are insulted \
Suffering for Jesus' sake \
Blessed are the beaten and assaulted \
Rejoice for your reward is great \
He said that your reward is great 

So, I'm alright inside the lion's den \
The Lord is with me, I will rise again \
Though there's fire in the furnace here \
The Lord is with me, I shall not fear 

Oh, I'm alright inside the lion's den \
The Lord is with me, I will worship Him \
I'm on fire in the furnace here \
But the Lord is with me, I shall not, I shall not fear


<br /> 

### Supporting Texts ###

Daniel 3 & 6

“Blessed are those who have been persecuted for the sake of righteousness, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. \
“Blessed are you when people insult you and persecute you, and falsely say all kinds of evil against you because of Me. \
“Rejoice and be glad, for your reward in heaven is great; for in the same way they persecuted the prophets who were before you. \
Matthew 5:10-12 NASB95

But now, thus says the LORD, your Creator, O Jacob, \
And He who formed you, O Israel, \
“Do not fear, for I have redeemed you; \
I have called you by name; you are Mine! \
“When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; \
And through the rivers, they will not overflow you. \
When you walk through the fire, you will not be scorched, \
Nor will the flame burn you. \
Isaiah 43:1-2 NASB95

Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me. \
Psalm 23:4 KJV

### Additional Info

Thanks to the production assit from Jared! \
Key: F \
BPM: 107 \
Drafted: April 4-5, 2025 \
Published: 4/5/2025
