---
title: 055 Moral Compass
---

What happen to Integrity like 30 years ago? \
I grew up in another world and I am not that old \
But somethings surely different \
Now we celebrate the wicked \
And Integrity is missing \
Where'd he go? 

He used to walk the strees where all the kids would run and play \
He showed up TV as Mr. Rodger's every day \
But now we've all outgrown him \
And the children hardly know him \
While we quietly are grownin' \
Where is he? 

Where did he go? \
We need that compass back \
Not yours, Mr. Sparrow \
Savvy? Captain Jack

We used to pay attention to the preacher and the Word \
But now we're doing well if we get up in time for church \
The moral of the story is \
We're redefining moralness \
To something that is more or less absurd 

Oh where did it go? \
We need that compass back \
Not yours, Mr. Sparrow \
Savvy? captain Jack

You know that there's a compass and you've seen the northern star \
There something resonating at the core of who you are \
So open up the pages \
Cuz Integrity is waitin' \
And the Truth is liberating for Your heart

You know, where to go \
To take that compass back \
So long, Mr. Sparrow \
Savvy? Captain Jack


<br /> 

### Supporting Texts ###

To the Jews who had believed him, Jesus said, “If you hold to my teaching, you are really my disciples. Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.” \
John 8:31-82 NIV

The Bible

Pirates of the Caribbean

### Additional Info

Key: D \
BPM: 110 \
Drafted: April 2-5, 2025 \
Published: 4/5/2025
