---
title: 079 Psalm 100 Celebration
---

Shout with joy to the LORD \
All the earth \
Worship the LORD with gladness \
Come before Him singing with joy

Shout with joy to the Lord

Acknowledge that the LORD is God!\
(The LORD is God!) \
He made us, and we are His \
(We are His) \
We are His people, the sheep of His pasture \
(We are His people, the sheep of His pasture) 

Acknowledge that the LORD is God!\
(The LORD is God!) \
He made us, and we are His \
(We are His) \
We are His people, the sheep of His pasture \
(We are His people, the sheep of His pasture) 

Enter His gates with thanksgiving \
Go into His courts with praise \
Give thanks to Him and praise His name

Oh, enter His gates with thanksgiving \
Go into His courts with praise \
Give thanks to Him and praise His name

For the LORD is good \
(the LORD is good) \
His unfailing love continues \
Forever

And His faithfulness \
His faithfulness \
Continues to each generation \
Psalm 100 celebration, yeah!


<br /> 

### Supporting Texts ###

Shout with joy to the LORD, all the earth! \
Worship the LORD with gladness. Come before him, singing with joy.\
Acknowledge that the LORD is God! He made us, and we are his. We are his people, the sheep of his pasture. \
Enter his gates with thanksgiving; go into his courts with praise. Give thanks to him and praise his name. \
For the LORD is good. His unfailing love continues forever, and his faithfulness continues to each generation. \
Psalm 100:1-2 NLT

### Additional Info

Key: F \
BPM: ? \
Drafted: Sept. 15 - Nov. 25, 2025 \ 
Published: 11/26/2025
