---
title: 069 Shine Your Light in Me
---

Made in the image of God \
Commissioned to fill the earth \
For man is the glory of God \
And His glory fill the earth

Shine Your light in me \
Let Your glory fill the earth \
As the waters fill the sea \
Let Your glory shine in me!

Made in the image of Christ \
Commissioned to spread the word \
To shine His glorious light \
Till His glory fills the earth

Shine Your light in me \
Let Your glory fill the earth \
As the waters fill the sea \
Let Your glory shine in me!

Shine Your light in me \
Let Your glory fill the earth \
As the waters fill the sea \
Let Your glory shine in me!

 
<br />

### Supporting Verses ###

God created man in His own image, in the image of God He created him; male and female He created them.
God blessed them; and God said to them, “Be fruitful and multiply, and fill the earth, and subdue it; and rule over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the sky and over every living thing that moves on the earth.” \
Genesis 1:27-28 NASB95

For a man ought not to have his head covered, since he is the image and glory of God; but the woman is the glory of man. \
1 Corinthians 11:7 NASB95

They will not hurt or destroy in all My holy mountain, \
For the earth will be full of the knowledge of the LORD As the waters cover the sea. \
Isaiah 11:9 NASB95

but indeed, as I live, all the earth will be filled with the glory of the LORD. \
Numbers 14:21 NASB95

And blessed be His glorious name forever; \
And may the whole earth be filled with His glory. Amen, and Amen. \
Psalm 72:19 NASB95

Do not lie to one another, since you laid aside the old self with its evil practices, and have put on the new self who is being renewed to a true knowledge according to the image of the One who created him— \
Colossians 3:9-10 NASB95

and put on the new self, which in the likeness of God has been created in righteousness and holiness of the truth. \
Ephesians 4:24 NASB95

Therefore we have been buried with Him through baptism into death, so that as Christ was raised from the dead through the glory of the Father, so we too might walk in newness of life. \
Romans 6:4 NASB95

Therefore if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creature; the old things passed away; behold, new things have come. \
2 Corinthians 5:17 NASB95

“You are the light of the world. A city set on a hill cannot be hidden;
nor does anyone light a lamp and put it under a basket, but on the lampstand, and it gives light to all who are in the house.
“Let your light shine before men in such a way that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father who is in heaven. \
Matthew 5:14-16 NASB95

For God, who said, “Light shall shine out of darkness,” is the One who has shone in our hearts to give the Light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Christ. \
2 Corinthians 4:6 NASB95


<br />

### Additional Info

Key: C \
Tempo: 96 BPM \
Drafted: May 23-28, 2025 \
Published: 5/30/2025
