---
title: 071 Praise Our Amazing God
---

Don’t forget you’re a child of God \
And an heir, yes, an heir with Christ \
For you died with Him in baptism \
And rose with His new life

Don’t you know your body is His dwelling place \
It’s a holy temple and a sacred space \
Where there’s union with Christ \
And the Spirit of life \
Helps us praise our amazing God

Don’t forget that He paid your debt \
He forgave, He forgave your sins \
But it took the cross, a priceless cost \
To bring you back to Him

Don’t you know your Savior is the King of Kings \
He will rule the nations in His majesty \
And the city of gold \
Is forever our home \
Where we praise our amazing God

Don’t forget that your Father’s kind \
Never doubt, never doubt His love \
You cannot repay, or earn His grace \
Receive it now with trust

Don’t you know your Father is a gracious God \
He is good and faithful, like a solid rock \
We are held in His hand \
And His promises stand \
So, we praise our amazing God
 
Don’t you know your Father is a gracious God \
He is good and faithful, like a solid rock \
We are held in His hand \
And His promises stand \
So, we praise our amazing God \
Oh, we praise our amazing God

 
<br />

### Supporting Verses ###

The Spirit Himself testifies with our spirit that we are children of God, and if children, heirs also, heirs of God and fellow heirs with Christ, if indeed we suffer with Him so that we may also be glorified with Him. \
Romans 8:16-17 NASB95

Or do you not know that all of us who have been baptized into Christ Jesus have been baptized into His death? 
Therefore we have been buried with Him through baptism into death, so that as Christ was raised from the dead through the glory of the Father, so we too might walk in newness of life. \
Romans 6:3-4 NASB95

“I have been crucified with Christ; and it is no longer I who live, but Christ lives in me; and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave Himself up for me. \
Galatians 2:20 NASB95

having been buried with Him in baptism, in which you were also raised up with Him through faith in the working of God, who raised Him from the dead. \
Colossians 2:12 NASB95

Or do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy Spirit who is in you, whom you have from God, and that you are not your own? \
1 Corinthians 6:19 NASB95

But whoever is united with the Lord is one with him in spirit. \
1 Corinthians 6:17 NIV

In the same way the Spirit also helps our weakness; for we do not know how to pray as we should, but the Spirit Himself intercedes for us with groanings too deep for words; \
Romans 8:26 NASB95

For if I pray in a tongue, my spirit prays, but my mind is unfruitful. What is the outcome then? I will pray with the spirit and I will pray with the mind also; I will sing with the spirit and I will sing with the mind also. \
1 Corinthians 14:14-15 NASB95

For you have been bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body. \
1 Corinthians 6:20 NASB95

When you were dead in your transgressions and the uncircumcision of your flesh, He made you alive together with Him, having forgiven us all our transgressions, 
having canceled out the certificate of debt consisting of decrees against us, which was hostile to us; and He has taken it out of the way, having nailed it to the cross. \
Colossians 2:13-14 NASB95

knowing that you were not redeemed with perishable things like silver or gold from your futile way of life inherited from your forefathers, 
but with precious blood, as of a lamb unblemished and spotless, the blood of Christ. \
1 Peter 1:18-19 NASB95

For Christ also died for sins once for all, the just for the unjust, so that He might bring us to God, having been put to death in the flesh, but made alive in the spirit; \
1 Peter 3:18 NASB95

And she gave birth to a son, a male child, who is to rule all the nations with a rod of iron; and her child was caught up to God and to His throne. \
Revelation 12:5 NASB95

“I will surely tell of the decree of the LORD: \
He said to Me, ‘You are My Son, \
Today I have begotten You. \
‘Ask of Me, and I will surely give the nations as Your inheritance, \
And the very ends of the earth as Your possession. \
‘You shall break them with a rod of iron, \
You shall shatter them like earthenware.’” \
Psalm 2:7-9 NASB95

The material of the wall was jasper; and the city was pure gold, like clear glass. \
Revelation 21:18 NASB95

“In My Father’s house are many dwelling places; if it were not so, I would have told you; for I go to prepare a place for you. 
“If I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you to Myself, that where I am, there you may be also. \
John 14:2-3 NASB95

But when the kindness of God our Savior and His love for mankind appeared, 
He saved us, not on the basis of deeds which we have done in righteousness, but according to His mercy, by the washing of regeneration and renewing by the Holy Spirit, \
Titus 3:4-5 NASB95

"Because they did not believe in God
And did not trust in His salvation." \
Psalm 78:22 NASB95

But if it is by grace, it is no longer on the basis of works, otherwise grace is no longer grace. \
Romans 11:6 NASB95

Then the LORD passed by in front of him and proclaimed, “The LORD, the LORD God, compassionate and gracious, slow to anger, and abounding in lovingkindness and truth; \
Exodus 34:6 NASB95

“The Rock! His work is perfect, \
For all His ways are just; \
A God of faithfulness and without injustice, \
Righteous and upright is He. \
Deuteronomy 32:4 NASB95

“My Father, who has given them to Me, is greater than all; and no one is able to snatch them out of the Father’s hand. \
John 10:29 NASB95

For as many as are the promises of God, in Him they are yes; therefore also through Him is our Amen to the glory of God through us. \
2 Corinthians 1:20 NASB95

In the same way God, desiring even more to show to the heirs of the promise the unchangeableness of His purpose, interposed with an oath, 
so that by two unchangeable things in which it is impossible for God to lie, we who have taken refuge would have strong encouragement to take hold of the hope set before us. \
Hebrews 6:17-18 NASB95


<br />

### Additional Info

(alt. "near", "close", or "home" to Him) \
(alt. You could never repay, or earn His grace)

Key: D \
Tempo: ??? (recorded at 160 BPM in 4/4) \
Drafted: May 31st 2025 \
Published: 5/31/2025
