---
title: 025 Who is This?
---

Who is this who made the heavens? \
Who is this who formed the earth? \
Who is this who tamed the ocean? \
Who made stars his handiwork? 

He's the one who works salvation \
He's the one who died and rose \
He's the one who keeps his promise \
He's the one who loves us so 

He will come to rule the nations \
He will come as a righteous judge \
He will come to restore creation \
He will come to dwell with us 

Let the heavens declare his glory \
Let the roar of seas resound \
Let the earth break forth in worship \
For Lord is coming down 

He is worthy of wealth and power \
He is worthy of honor and praise \
He is worthy of strength and glory \
He is worthy to be obeyed 

<br /> 

### Supporting Verses ###

Let the heavens be glad, and let the earth rejoice; \
Let the sea roar, and all it contains; \
Let the field exult, and all that is in it. \
Then all the trees of the forest will sing for joy \
Before the LORD, for He is coming, \
For He is coming to judge the earth. \
He will judge the world in righteousness \
And the peoples in His faithfulness. \
Psalm 96:11-13 NASB95

"When He set for the sea its boundary \
So that the water would not transgress His command, \
When He marked out the foundations of the earth;" \
Proverbs 8:29 NASB95

“Of old You founded the earth, And the heavens are the work of Your hands." \
Psalm 102:25 NASB95

"Yet God my King is from of old, working salvation in the midst of the earth." \
Psalm 74:12 ESV

"For no matter how many promises God has made, they are “Yes” in Christ. And so through him the “Amen” is spoken by us to the glory of God." \
2 Corinthians 1:20 NIV

"whom heaven must receive until the period of restoration of all things about which God spoke by the mouth of His holy prophets from ancient time." \
Acts 3:12 NASB95

Then I looked, and I heard the voice of many angels around the throne and the living creatures and the elders; and the number of them was myriads of myriads, and thousands of thousands, saying with a loud voice, \
“Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power and riches and wisdom and might and honor and glory and blessing.” \
Revelation 5:11-12 NASB95

"And I heard a loud voice from the throne, saying, “Behold, the tabernacle of God is among men, and He will dwell among them, and they shall be His people, and God Himself will be among them," \
Revelation 21:3 NASB95

<br />

### Additional Info

Key: F \
Tempo: 120 BPM \
Original draft: Dec. 22, 2023 \
Revised draft: Oct. 29, 2024 \
Vocals: Feb. 12, 2025 \
Published: 2/12/2025
