---
title: 062 Trust the Word
---

If Jesus dwells within you \
The Spirit gives you life \
And conquers still \
The rebel will \
The sin that dwells within you \
Masters you no more \
For you have died \
And with new life \
You rise with Christ the Lord 

If Jesus dwells within you \
Then you're a child of God \
And heirs with Him \
Who rose again \
The sin that so entangles \
Cast it all aside \
And run the race \
Oh, fix your gaze \
Upon on risen Christ 

"And if the Spirit of him who raised Jesus from the dead lives in you, then he who raised Christ from the dead will also bring your mortal bodies to life through his Spirit who lives in you." \
Romans 8:11 CSB

If Jesus dwells within you \
Then let your soul rejoice \
And trust in Him \
The king will win \
The sin that's still abiding \
Points us to our need \
We need a king \
Rejoice and sing \
He gives us victory

<br /> 

### Supporting Texts ###

Or do you not know that all of us who have been baptized into Christ Jesus have been baptized into His death? 
Therefore we have been buried with Him through baptism into death, so that as Christ was raised from the dead through the glory of the Father, so we too might walk in newness of life. \
Romans 6:3-4 NASB95

For you have died and your life is hidden with Christ in God. \
Colossians 3:3 NASB95

Therefore if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creature; the old things passed away; behold, new things have come.\
2 Corinthians 5:17 NASB95

Now if we have died with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with Him, 9knowing that Christ, having been raised from the dead, is never to die again; death no longer is master over Him. \
Romans 6:8-9 NASB95

For sin shall not be master over you, for you are not under law but under grace. \
Romans 6:14 NASB95

For all who are being led by the Spirit of God, these are sons of God. 
For you have not received a spirit of slavery leading to fear again, but you have received a spirit of adoption as sons by which we cry out, “Abba! Father!” 
The Spirit Himself testifies with our spirit that we are children of God, 
and if children, heirs also, heirs of God and fellow heirs with Christ, if indeed we suffer with Him so that we may also be glorified with Him. \
Romans 8:14:16 NASB95

However, you are not in the flesh but in the Spirit, if indeed the Spirit of God dwells in you. But if anyone does not have the Spirit of Christ, he does not belong to Him. 
If Christ is in you, though the body is dead because of sin, yet the spirit is alive because of righteousness. 
But if the Spirit of Him who raised Jesus from the dead dwells in you, He who raised Christ Jesus from the dead will also give life to your mortal bodies through His Spirit who dwells in you. \
Romans 8:9-11 NASB95

Therefore, since we have so great a cloud of witnesses surrounding us, let us also lay aside every encumbrance and the sin which so easily entangles us, and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us, 
fixing our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of faith, who for the joy set before Him endured the cross, despising the shame, and has sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. \
Hebrews 12:1-2

"And if the Spirit of him who raised Jesus from the dead lives in you, then he who raised Christ from the dead will also bring your mortal bodies to life throughA his Spirit who lives in you." \
Romans 8:11 CSB

Rejoice always; \
1 Thessalonians 5:16

The books of Judges and 1-2 Samuel.

In those days there was no king in Israel; everyone did what was right in his own eyes. \
Judges 21:25 NASB95

Wretched man that I am! Who will set me free from the body of this death? 
Thanks be to God through Jesus Christ our Lord! So then, on the one hand I myself with my mind am serving the law of God, but on the other, with my flesh the law of sin. \
Romans 7:24-25 NASB95

### Additional Info

Key: C \
BPM: 134 \
Drafted: April 22-29, 2025 \
Published: 4/29/2025
