---
title: 061 Trust the Word
---

Trust the One who's faithful \
To never break His word \
Who stands by every promise \
And swears to His own hurt 

For not a word has fallen \
Of every promise made \
With Joshua were choosing \
To follow Him today 

Trust the Word incarnate \
Who faced the angry mob \
While mortals raged against Him \
And broke the Word of God 

But He could not be broken \
Though in the tomb He lay \
The Word of God was spoken \
And even death obeyed


Oh trust in Him forever \
For all mankind is grass \
The Word endures forever \
But mortals all shall pass 

Yet in our earthen vessels \
A seed has taken root \
The Word of God implanted \
His endless life in You


And trust the word of promise \
The day is coming soon \
When He returns with power \
To rescue and renew 

And those rage against Him \
Will face a dreadful sword \
But those who love and fear Him \
Will see their great reward \
They'll see their great reward

<br /> 

### Supporting Texts ###

God is faithful, by whom you were called into the fellowship of his Son, Jesus Christ our Lord. \
1 Corinthians 1:9

"He who swears to his own hurt and does not change;" \
Psalm 15:4c

that by two immutable things, in which it is impossible for God to lie, we might have strong consolation, who have fled for refuge to lay hold of the hope set before us. \
Hebrews 6:18

For no matter how many promises God has made, they are “Yes” in Christ. And so through him the “Amen” is spoken by us to the glory of God. \
2 Corinthians 1:20 NIV

“Behold, this day I am going the way of all the earth. 
And you know in all your hearts and in all your souls that not one thing has failed of all the good things which the Lord your God spoke concerning you. 
All have come to pass for you; not one word of them has failed. \
Joshua 23:14

 “Now therefore, fear the Lord, serve Him in sincerity and in truth, and put away the gods which your fathers served on the other side of the River and in Egypt. Serve the Lord! 
 And if it seems evil to you to serve the Lord, choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve, whether the gods which your fathers served that were on the other side of the River, 
 or the gods of the Amorites, in whose land you dwell. 
 But as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.” \
 Joshua 24:14-15

who by the mouth of Your servant David have said: \
‘Why did the nations rage, \
And the people plot vain things? \
The kings of the earth took their stand, \
And the rulers were gathered together \
Against the Lord and against His Christ.’ \
“For truly against Your holy Servant Jesus, whom You anointed, both Herod and Pontius Pilate, with the Gentiles and the people of Israel, were gathered together 
to do whatever Your hand and Your purpose determined before to be done. \
Acts 4:25-28

“But God raised Him up again, putting an end to the agony of death, since it was impossible for Him to be held in its power. \
Acts 2:24

A voice says, “Call out.” \
Then he answered, “What shall I call out?” \
All flesh is grass, and all its loveliness is like the flower of the field. \
The grass withers, the flower fades, \
When the breath of the Lord blows upon it; \
Surely the people are grass. \
The grass withers, the flower fades,\
But the word of our God stands forever. \
Isaiah 40:6-8

since you have been born again, not of perishable seed but of imperishable, through the living and abiding word of God; for \
“All flesh is like grass
and all its glory like the flower of grass. \
The grass withers,
and the flower falls, \
but the word of the Lord remains forever.” \
And this word is the good news that was preached to you. \
1 Peter 1:23-25 ESV

But we have this treasure in earthen vessels, so that the surpassing greatness of the power will be of God and not from ourselves; \
2 Corinthians 4:7 

But according to His promise we are looking for new heavens and a new earth, in which righteousness dwells. \
2 Peter 3:13

“Behold, I am coming soon, and My reward is with Me, to give to each one according to what he has done. \
Revelation 22:12 BSB

From His mouth comes a sharp sword, so that with it He may strike down the nations, and He will rule them with a rod of iron; and He treads the wine press of the fierce wrath of God, the Almighty. \
Revelation 19:15

After these things the word of the LORD came to Abram in a vision, saying, “Do not fear, Abram, I am a shield to you; Your reward shall be very great.” \
Genesis 15:1


### Additional Info

Key: F \
BPM: 135 \
Drafted: April 25-28, 2025 \
Published: 4/28/2025
